How do competing policy entrepreneurs within the US decision-making process cause variation in the outcomes of counterinsurgency campaigns, if at all? 
Does the media influence wartime strategy?

Main arguments (theories/hypotheses): Competing policy networks within the US civil-military structure vie for influence 
within the defense decision-making process during counterinsurgency campaigns. The organizations or individuals (positions) 
that win influence will alternate during each decision-making iteration, thus creating a variation in counterinsurgency outcomes.


For this iteration, I'd like to understand how news media influence wartime strategy or decisions by highlighting problems (or airing the government's
dirty laundry).
Hypothesis: The news media will telegraph wartime strategies that are in crisis or incoherent, thus causing policy entrepreneurs inside of the 
defense decision-making arena to vie for influence in strategy-making.

The data for this is similar to the first iteration, except it involves mapping the networks created by media personalities (or outlets) on Twitter. 
For instance, in 2014 when President Obama declared the end of military operations in Afghanistan, which media accounts were retweeted within both DOD 
and DOS? Where different departments retweeting competing arguments by the media?

Another dataset that could be brought into this iteration is the Armed Conflict Location and Event Data (ACLED) which keeps accounts of every event of 
violence around the world and on a daily basis. This might be something good to correlate with news media coverage to understand what threshold of 
violence is necessary for the press to raise a red flag on strategy (or if that even matters).

I would use this data to show that first, policy entrepreneurs act on the window of opportunity given by press reports. But also to show that there are 
informal networks within the defense decision-making community that use social media (Twitter) to oppose decisions. 